Throughout this project, I learned how to complete string manipulation using variables, functions, conditionals, and objects, arrays, and loops. For problem_dna, I created the variable counts and then used the function nucleotideCountsOf to find the counts of the string and then looped over this with the draw function. For problem_rna, I used a variable to create a new DNA string and used an object (let newRNA = DNA_STRING_FOR_rna.replace(/T/g, 'U');) to replace the original DNA string where the T's were with U. Then, I looped over the problem with the draw function to create an infinite loop. For problem_revc, I also created a variable (revc) and used an object (revc = Array.from(revc).reverse().join('');) to reverse the order of the DNA string. I also looped over this problem using the draw function. For problem_hamm, I named my variables for each of the DNA strings for hamm and used a conditional to return the hamming distance. I looped over this problem as well using the draw function. For problem_subs, I named my variables and then used the string functions fromIndex and indexOf to find all occurances of ATAT in the string. I also created an array for the indices and used the push function to create the array output.

When revising this project, I mostly wanted to finish problem_subs because I was really struggling with it while doing this project in October, and never figured it out. After revising this project, I feel like I definitely understand what each of the six things are and how they are used because before, I wasn't really sure what functions, variables,conditionals, objects, arrays, and loops looked like in code. Now, I feel like I have a better understanding of each of their functionalities and how they worked in this project.

